Hi everyone, welcome to General Assembly. Before we start this brief presentation about student experience and what we do want to introduce myself briefly.
My name is Steph, and I'm a student success associate. I will be including my contact info on the last slide for your reference so if you need to contact me for any reason, my info be on the last slide.
As a reminder, student experience what we do here. If you have any questions or concerns, we're here to help you through that. I'm available to you to help you in any way that I can so please feel free to reach out, if you have any concerns.
The bulk of today's presentation will cover, mostly graduation requirements will also set up some expectations for the classroom environment.
First off, you should have received and signed an enrollment agreement from your admissions producer. This outlines details about homework refunds apologies policies, if you haven't seen that yet, which I assume most of you probably have.
Please read the course catalog and sign in as soon as possible. Overall the elements listed here are detailed extensively in the course catalog so if you want to know any more about any of these elements.
Please read through the course catalog.
All right, we're going to go through graduation requirements and all the different pertinent information.
First we're going to speak about attendance unexcused absences are not permitted except in exceptional circumstances, students have been excessively apps and maybe withdrawn.
With prior approval from General Assembly students in part time programs are permitted to miss up to three excused class meetings to define class meeting, that's the instructional hours provided in one calendar day.
Some examples of excuse excused absences are things like student illness, death, or critical illness of a family member or significant other critical life emergency and religious observance, please refer to the withdraw policy is outlined the outline
in the catalog if you have questions about that.
I reserve. As a reminder attendance is taken at every class meaning at the start of class. Just so you guys know three late arrivals or early departures will constitute as one absence so keep track of those.
Just to reiterate, most of you are here because you want to find a job as a web developer.
After this course, some of you have different ambitions, regardless of what you're looking to do.
I want you guys to remind yourselves that you'll only be successful in this class if everyone here decides ahead of time to treat this next 10 weeks as your job so much everybody will take place in the classroom, whether that's instructors introducing
material group lab collaboration, just want to emphasize that being there every day is critical. And as a reminder, you can't miss one in three days of class, we cover so much each day that missing any days will negatively impact your success.
If you're running late or something's coming up, please reach out to your instructor and let them know, so they can be in the loop as well.
All right, moving on to homework projects and account balance reminders. So most evenings provide a take home assessment or assignment.
Normally it's a code challenge or mini project, sometimes it's a study assignment, mostly instructors will need those to be completed for the next day, and they expect that students put in these two hours each evening to get these assignments done projects
will be every three weeks instructors will take focus time to build with you guys a project hackathon style during project week you guys will have stayed up check ins to assess your progress.
Those are mandatory to attend so keep that in mind.
You'll need to complete these projects receive passing grade. And those rubrics will be sent out by your instructor about what constitutes a pass versus not passing.
Just as a reminder, students must have no outstanding balances on their account to receive their certificate of completion so something to keep in mind.
Lastly, I just want to speak a little bit about community and community engagement.
More than learning we're here to build a community of like minded lifelong learners, as part of this program we expect that you'll engage with each other in a respectful manner, providing feedback mentorship getting to know each other better.
And so let's build a culture of commodity and teamwork starting from day one.
All right. So in a nutshell in order to receive your certificate of completion.
You'll need to successfully fulfill the obligations and requirements of attaining a pass in the course. Again, if you're looking for more specifics, or something is unclear.
Please refer to the course catalog, as it has all the information you'll need to know.
All right. Lastly, as promised. Here is my contact information on slack. You can also shoot me an email at Student Services dn for Denver at General Assembly dot Lee.